ATTENTION BENEFICIARY

It is my modest obligation to write you this letter as regards the Authorization of your owed payment through our most respected financial institution (Citibank). I am Mr. Jeff Peterson, the Chief Executive Officer, foreign operations Department Citibank of New York, the British Government in Conjunction with us government, World Bank, united Nations Organization on foreign Payment matters has empowered my bank after much consultation and consideration to handle all foreign payments and release them to their appropriate beneficiaries with the help of a Representative from Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

as the newly appointed/accredited international paying bank, we have been instructed by the world governing body together with the committee on international debt reconciliation department to release your overdue funds with immediate effect; with this exclusive vide transaction no.: wha/eur/202, transfer allocation no.: citibank/x44/701ln/wgb/gb, password: 339331, pin code: 78569, immediate Citibank secret code: xxtn014.having received these vital payment numbers, you are instantly qualified to receive and confirm your payment with us within the next 96hrs.

Be informed that we have verified your payment file as directed to us and your name is next on the list of our outstanding fund beneficiaries to receive their payment. Be advised that because of too many funds beneficiaries, you are entitled to receive the sum of fourteen million three hundred thousand us dollars (14,300,000.00 USD dollars) only, as part payment so as to enable us pays other eligible beneficiaries.

To facilitate with the process of this transaction, please kindly re-confirm the following information below:
1) Your Full Name: 
2) Your Full Address: 
3) Your Contact Telephone and Fax No: 
3) Your Profession, Age and Marital Status: 
4) Any Valid Form of Your Identification/Driven License:
5) Bank Name: 
6) Bank Address: 
7) Account Name: 
8) Account Number: 
9) Swift Code: 
10) Routing Number:

As soon as we receive the above mentioned information, your payment will be processed and released to you without any further delay. This notification email should be your confidential property to avoid impersonators claiming your fund. You are required to provide the above information for your transfer to take place through bank to bank transfer directly from Citibank.

We Look Forward To Serving You Better. 

MR. JEFF PETERSON, 
(CEO)CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
(COPYRIGHT © 2012 CITIGROUP INC

http://www.antpoolfrx.com/